Etc backup doc (#1908)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/FAQ.md

Both these parameters directly impact the CPU and memory resources consumed by the control plane. By lowering timeouts, we force system components to send statuses more frequently and check the resource state more often.

When deciding on the appropriate threshold values, consider resources consumed by the control nodes (graphs can help you with this). Note that the lower parameters are, the more resources you may need to allocate to these nodes.

## How do make etcd backup?

Login into any control-plane node with `root` user and use next script:

```bash
#!/usr/bin/env bash

> for node_name in $(kubectl get no -l node-role.kubernetes.io/master= -o json | jq -r '.items[].metadata.name'); do

Author: Good improvement

  kubectl -n kube-system exec "etcd-$node_name" -- /bin/sh -c 'ETCDCTL_API=3 /usr/bin/etcdctl --cacert /etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/ca.crt --cert /etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/ca.crt --key /etc/kubernetes/pki/etcd/ca.key --endpoints https://127.0.0.1:2379/ snapshot save /tmp/etcd-backup' && \
  kubectl -n kube-system exec "etcd-$node_name" -- sha256sum /tmp/etcd-backup | cut -f 1 -d" " | xargs echo -n > etc-backup.snapshot.shasum && \

>   kubectl -n kube-system exec "etcd-$node_name" -- cat /tmp/etcd-backup > etc-backup.snapshot && \

Reviewer: However both commands are not working to me 🤔

>   kubectl -n kube-system exec "etcd-$node_name" -- cat /tmp/etcd-backup > etc-backup.snapshot && \

Author: > kubectl has built-in cp command

Yep i know, but cp has one problem: with large file cp can often get error `error: unexpected EOF` because `cp` does not reconnect (in 1.23 it will be fixed with [flag](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/104792)) but `exec` command  reconnect always.

>   kubectl -n kube-system exec "etcd-$node_name" -- cat /tmp/etcd-backup > etc-backup.snapshot && \

Author: > Also this command will copy snapshot from all the nodes and override it, forgot $node_name, in output file?

No. We want get one snapshot file. We use loop over all etcd pod because one pod can be unavailable.

>   kubectl -n kube-system exec "etcd-$node_name" -- cat /tmp/etcd-backup > etc-backup.snapshot && \

Reviewer: > Yep i know, but cp has one problem: with large file cp can often get error error: unexpected EOF because cp does not reconnect (in 1.23 it will be fixed with flag) but exec command always reconnect.

Interesting, I didn't know about that. Any way both commands were not working to me.

> No. We want get one snapshot file. We use loop over all etcd pod because one pod can be unavailable.

This way suggested script will not be finished after fist successful transfer, but will continue backing up other pods with overwriting the first file

>   kubectl -n kube-system exec "etcd-$node_name" -- cat /tmp/etcd-backup > etc-backup.snapshot && \

Author: i've got your [script](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/pull/1908#discussion_r913510044) and i've added `break`.

  kubectl -n kube-system exec "etcd-$node_name" -- rm /tmp/etcd-backup
  if [ "$?" != 0 ]; then
    echo "Backup failed"
    continue
  fi 
  if [ "$(cat etc-backup.snapshot.shasum)" == "$(sha256sum etc-backup.snapshot | cut -f 1 -d' ')" ]; then
    rm etc-backup.snapshot.shasum
    break
  else
    echo "Backup failed"
  fi

> done

Author: Ok. thank you

> done

Author: https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/pull/1908#discussion_r917697907

```

> In the current directory etcd snapshot file `etc-backup.snapshot` will be created from one of control-plane node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the current directory etcd snapshot file `etc-backup.snapshot` will be created from one of an etcd cluster members.
```

> From this file you can restore previous cluster state in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From this file, you can restore the previous etcd cluster state in the future.
```

You can see [here](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/blob/main/modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/internal/ETCD_RECOVERY.md) for learn about etcd disaster recovery procedures from snapshots.

> We recommend encrypt etcd snapshot backups and save them outside the Deckhouse cluster.
> You can use one of third-party files backup tools, for example: [Restic](https://restic.net/), [Borg](https://borgbackup.readthedocs.io/en/stable/), [Duplicity](https://duplicity.gitlab.io/), etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend encrypting etcd snapshot backups and saving them outside the Deckhouse cluster.
You can use one of third-party files backup tools, for example: [Restic](https://restic.net/), [Borg](https://borgbackup.readthedocs.io/en/stable/), [Duplicity](https://duplicity.gitlab.io/), etc.
```
